Document templatefile escaping for Blueprints (#351)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/concepts/blueprint/README.md

  name: 'yes-my-stack'
```

### Interaction with Terraform `templatefile`

> When using the Terraform [`templatefile`](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/functions/templatefile) function to generate a Blueprint template body, you can run into issues because the Blueprint template engine and `templatefile` both use `$` as template delimeters. This can result in error messages like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Terraform [`templatefile`](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/functions/templatefile){: rel="nofollow"} function to generate a Blueprint template body, you can run into issues because the Blueprint template engine and `templatefile` both use `$` as template delimiters. This can result in error messages like the following:
```
